---
layout: post
title: Post World Cup Activity
description: What I've been up to since the World Cup ended
---

Finally the World Cup is over and I can return to focusing the entirety of my time on this application. (Really need to learn to manage and split time better across varying interests). But no regrets at all because... FRANCE WON THE WORLD CUP YAS! COUPE DU MONDE CHAMPIONS :') I'm truly very very happy about it, one of the best days of my life.

Anyway this is not a personal blog though the pun on Activity in the title is intended haha. I haven't completely abandoned by efforts on the app and have made some significant progress over the past 3 weeks and especially in the past day. I managed to merge my friend's branch with his work and mine and we have a fully complete MVP ready right now! Of course, there's still all the nitty-gritty to be grinded out but for a start, this is far more than I could have hoped for.

Here's a video (not up-to-date yet with the latest changes) of how the interface looks generally just to give everyone who is reading a brief insight into where we are at now. It's nothing out of this world or groundbreaking, but as a novice programmer who has really gotten excited by this endeavour, it means a lot to me. More updates to come!

(Editor's note: there were no more updates... but the website has been migrated now and there should ve more for the future.)

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/lhgaOT_BKmg" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

